docs: list recent Ocean tutorials (#186)
nasa/oceandata-notebooks: docs/sections/ocean.md

**What you'll learn:**

- [GPig Phytoplankton Community Composition](../notebooks/oci/oci_gpig) - Analyzing phytoplankton community structure using PACE/OCI data with the GPig algorithm
- [Spectral Derivative Pigments (SDP)](../notebooks/oci/oci_sdp) - Estimating phytoplankton pigment concentrations from PACE/OCI Level-2 data with the SDP algorithm

> - [Multi Ordination ANAlysis (MOANA)](../notebooks/oci/oci_moana) - Accessing and visualizing picophytoplankton community composition products from PACE/OCI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Multi Ordination ANAlysis (MOANA)](../notebooks/oci/oci_moana) - Accessing and visualizing the first picophytoplankton community composition product from PACE/OCI
```

Reviewer: The MOANA algorithm comprises a single "data product".

> - [Access the CLOSE Dataset](../notebooks/oci/accessing_CLOSE_data) - Discovering, accessing, and comparing simulated PACE ocean data products with `earthaccess` and `xarray`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Access the CLOSE Dataset](../notebooks/oci/accessing_CLOSE_data) - Explore the simulated dataset supporting algorithm development for PACE ocean data products
```
Try this, rather than highlighting earthaccess and xarray.
